date:2025_2_4

## person 1
Name: *KIMI 李子禾*  
Today's work:
- successfully controlled the 4 servos of the robotic arm using arduino UNO.
- made the total goal and workflow of our project.
- made the item list(item needed for the task)
- design the stones using freeCAD

Tommorrow's plan:  
- programme the movement of the robotic arm according to the goal.
- successfully grab the stones using the robotic arm

### The problem met today: 
Problem1:  
*The board has so many pins and I can't even recognize any of them.  
The embedded system is completely new to me. So I browsed the website of the arduino UNO and learned about the board. * 
*Info of the board: https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/uno-rev3/?_gl=1*1azx2f3*_up*MQ..*_ga*NTYwODIzMzQ5LjE3Mzg1OTU2MjM.*_ga_NEXN8H46L5*MTczODU5NTYyMS4xLjEuMTczODU5NTYyOC4wLjAuMjE0OTEzOTI1#features *

  *It has 14 digital input/output pins (of which 6 can be used as PWM outputs)*  
explanation: digital input is the sensor input which only gives 1 or 0, marked by high voltage or low voltage  
  *It has 6 analog inputs*  
explanation: analog input is the sensor input which gives a wave, interpreting the status of the sensor  
  *It has a 16 MHZ ceramic resonator*  
explanation: A 16 MHz ceramic resonator is a type of passive component used in electronic circuits to generate or stabilize oscillation frequencies.   
It functions similarly to a quartz crystal but uses ceramic materials to achieve piezoelectric properties, which allow it to oscillate at a specific frequency when an electrical signal is applied.  
  *PWM（Pulse width Modulation）*  
explanation:
PWM is a controller which can change the frequency of the outputted waves without altering the frequency of the inputted wave.  
For instance, a 1kHZ output can be modulated to a 1 MHZ output, and the servo can run faster without altering the frequency from the program. 
  
  Problem2:  
*When connecting the servos to the board, I found that the dupont wire only has one pin head, which makes it impossible to be connected to the board.*  
So I used the soldering iron and ironed a set of needles to the pins. The problem is solved.  
Notice that when ironing, it's important to use Rosin as flux because it can remove the oxdised metal.  
